services/horizon/docker: Add instructions for running Docker Compose against pubnet (#1626)
stellar/go: services/horizon/docker/README.md

    }
```

Similarly, to run Stellar core locally from source and have it interact with Horizon in docker, all you need to do is run `docker-compose stop core` before running Stellar core from source.

> ## Connecting to the Stellar Main Network

Reviewer: Should we call this the public network? We should normalize on one name. We use public elsewhere.

Author: you're right, "mainnet"  or "main network" is the term used  by the Ethereum / Bitcoin community. Pubnet or "public network" seems to be the more prevalent term in the Stellar community. I'll change the documentation to refer to use pubnet / "public network"

By default, the Docker Compose file configures Stellar Core to connect to the Stellar test network. If you would like to run the docker containers against the
Stellar public network, set the `core` container's env_file to `./stellar-core-pubnet.env` instead of `./stellar-core-testnet.env`. You will also need to
change the `NETWORK_PASSPHRASE` variable in horizon to `Public Global Stellar Network ; September 2015`.

When you switch between the Stellar test network and the Stellar public network, or vice versa, you will need to clear the Stellar Core and Stellar Horizon

> databases. You can wipe out the databases by running `docker-compose down -v`.

Reviewer: What does `docker-compose down -v` do to the database? Is the database just in memory, so taking all the containers down and then bringing them back up is a fresh db?

Author: there are two volumes declared in `docker-compose.yml`:

`core-db-data` and `horizon-db-data`

Those volumes hold the postgres data for the stellar core and horizon database containers. The volumes retain state even if the `core-postgres` and `horizon-postgres` containers are stopped / removed. So, to wipe out the stellar core and horizon databases you need to stop the postgres containers and also remove the docker volumes. `docker-compose down -v` will do both those actions

Reviewer: Ah, right that's what the `-v` does. Thanks for helping me understand. It might be worth including some small surface detail on what's going on there. e.g.:

```suggestion
databases. You can clear the volumes that contain the databases by running `docker-compose down -v`. That will stop the services and you can start them again with `docker-compose up -d`.
```
